I'm going to have all the bridesmaids
we're gonna see that it'll be a big
difference on the face and I'm gonna let
me go
notice that her skin is smoother with
this one she's going to have more lines
on her face
so we're going to say that and I think
you turn a little bit yellow with this
one but the cool color is better for you
so warm and cool cool colors are better
but now we have colors divided into
another category muted and right now
other image consultants help us to be in
the bright cool category I do not
a drag effect on the skin is a bright
color and you see the difference Cecilia
it's dramatic this one makes her look
drab maybe tired
this one makes me look energetic and
even prettier and if you wanted to say
that if you're a coach and you are and
you're working with a client which one
is more passionate about your work in
which one this does it to make a living
well okay so we're gonna say that you
need to wear the colors that are cool
and bright alright now this is a color
that I have seen over 30 years in this
business
everybody likes but we've got teal that
has more blue tones and one that has
more green tones and then maybe one that
is a Bluegreen teal which one appeals to
you okay turquoise version of it and it
is a Bluegreen that's there isn't a
person that I've met who says they
dislike this color and for business it's
agreed that it is very understated and
professional-looking so
when I take this away you're going to
see Cecelia that she's turned yellow yes
now she's very smooth when you're
youthful your skin has smoothness to it
as you get older
little furrows from fat deposits show up
the same person yeah about ten years
younger
and that's color yeah it's almost like
it's it's almost like there's a screen
yes I always say it's almost like
finishing blond you so all right
Maybelle
I think you're gonna be surprised at
what happened so a dramatic change will
happen this gives you color and this
actually takes color away and almost
makes you blend into the fabric and
especially if you have lighter skin if I
were to put it on I would become sickly
and anemic looking but most people don't
learn to look and see and that's what
we're going to learn to do in the
workshop today to see the results on the
face hair color doesn't matter we're
looking to see what happens to the skin
and in fact let me show you myself what
happens to me because I have redheads
complexion thanks to my Irish
grandfather and most people choose
colors from the color itself color
psychology the color of the Sun should
certainly give you a lot of color and
now we're going to see that I get more
color and not look sickly anemic pale
and that's due to something called
simultaneous contrast we're going up to
my studio now and we're going to get
started with our workshop and you'll
learn a lot lots of fun things but
you'll learn how to look more beautiful
okay